[MM-35761] Remove references to AWS provisioning and setting AWS server variables (#829)
mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation: site/content/integrate/apps/quick-start-js/_index.md

Then build the plugin using:

```bash
cd mattermost-plugin-apps
make dist
```

Then upload it to your local Mattermost server via the System Console.

## Building the app

> Start building your app by creating a directory for the code, setup a new package and install [`node-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) and [`express`](https://expressjs.com/), which will be used later:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start building your app by creating a directory for the code, set up a new package and install [`node-fetch`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-fetch) and [`express`](https://expressjs.com/), which will be used later:
```
